Jake is such a biased guy, it shows the TDS, wouldn't even weigh in on the Colorado case to not give Trump any sort of help and then recommends podcasts to hear about the issue, dude please	Ugzh0P2xcMUvOMkeG9V4AaABAg
Oh God, sounds like Chamath is ready to hype up another spac and unload it on retail again.	UgypgZZIv_44u1wJ4dJ4AaABAg
Biden takes office and the world goes up in flames	UgwzYTrp8NWRPxRJpDx4AaABAg
I adore the fact that they never mention that the Colorado case was brought by Colorado Republicans.	UgwGguEGFVV1Lm24fNF4AaABAg
Hold on, does Chamath just google things and pretend to be an expert/have strong opinions on the topic?	UgyDIrk-8gSO2lh_nRR4AaABAg
A guy I know had Hootie and the Blowfish play for his 50th.  They seemed pretty harmless	UgytFS2fxnB58zUUGnh4AaABAg
Good episode guys	UgwSs2OLe7iHmGHAZvt4AaABAg
Wonderful commentary, very informative.  Thank you.  People: “Where do you get your news from?”, Me:“Oh, from the guys at All In”.     By the way, Tangle’s Isaac Saul pointed out that there are rumblings in TX to keep Biden off ballot now for his corruption intanglements.  Definitely a slippery slope on this Colorado decision.	UgzXOEeXnEZUV2RgV0F4AaABAg
Trump is anti war and thats his biggest selling point. With Biden everything is getting out of control.	Ugx_od59ycpMpdQy5sF4AaABAg
Clearly pandering to the LGBTQ demo in the first 5 minutes.  Sacks, I'm so disappointed	UgydobUZGwmsaLjcdUt4AaABAg
If you dont have MLS its going to be more difficult .. because you'll just have fractured marketplaces all over the internet. You'll have to go to every brokers site to see their listings.	UgxKHaLVQxa_R832n0Z4AaABAg
In re to NAR lawsuit it's a shame any validity to it and went to court. First off commissions are NEGOTIABLE. PERIOD. Secondly you do NOT need to use a broker to sell your home. Sell it yourself as a for sale by owner. No one is forcing you to pay commissions. And if you used a broker in any of those named cases you happily signed commission agreement. So why is this a problem.. one of you mentioned monopoly. Sell your house yourself without a broker. I thought monopoly meant you had no choice like cable companies back in the day. No one else provided you service to your house aside the company that owned territory correct? What a shame these attorneys are doing to the industry. And yes I use to be a broker but I provided flat rate listings similar to what you mentioned. So my point is you have choices and plenty of them. But most important  every single seller agreed to those commissions and now crying want money back. What a joke!	UgxKz5ClG31BXmiMiQ14AaABAg
I love your podcast! It's so much fun and I even learn a few things I'll never use unless I play Trivial Pursuit.	Ugx2mWuNhRsldoBxmiF4AaABAg
LOL @ 26:55. Jason asks hey Jews(Sacks and Friedberg) have you been to Saudi Arabia? Watch their reactions.	UgwT0D03TYABIoGxbdF4AaABAg
Jcal must be making a fortune selling his virtual fugazzis in the middle east. His opinion on the region directly correlates with how he can pump to them rather than his usual clientele of functional alcoholic dentist's.	UgxoQEx6j-yFdBy6xep4AaABAg
the FBI confirmed on Aug. 20, 2021 that Jan. 6th was not an insurrection. Im going to check in a while to see if my comment stays. When i state this fact my comment disappears.	UgwQ-IBtH3zfVaJ7AdF4AaABAg
I’ve watched your show for the past 4 years since the first pre covid episode. I love to learn about topics in business and technology outside my area of expertise. Hearing your discussion the real estate market opened my eyes to how your level of expertise on the variety of topics you discuss every week is a clear spectrum. You guys must have had terrible experiences with real estate brokers who didnt bring the value and service my small team brings to its 250 annual clients. We network for a living and connect people with Job opportunities when moving to town. We find off market properties and play match maker between buyer and seller. We are a hub for all of the business activity around real estate with all trade contractors. We educate first time home buyers and help them find the best loan products and areas for investment. We negotiate contracts through inspections and appraisal contingencies. We act as a fiduciary  and get our clients the best deal. If they are moving to our market we teach them everything they need to know about the subdivisions, hoa’s, and school districts. And, we do this making $0 until closing. If your goal isn’t accomplished then we get paid nothing. So we take all of the risk as a 1099 self employed person with no benefits. Also, the customary commission percentage is built into the price of the market. If a lower commission is offered then a lower sale price is expected. The seller really pays nothing but they have the expense listed on their side of the settlement statement. It’s really the buyer that pays for everything, because without a buyer there is no money afterall. I think your software should eat everything mentality ingrained from the industries you specialize shows your clear bias often harder to parse out in discussions of politics or venture capital. I love the pod but thought your takes on this discussion to be flat and short sighted. Merry Christmas!	UgzTUOephMqHylPvIbN4AaABAg
As an adobe customer I’m annoyed by the Figma deal falling through. Adobe has one of the best Subscription models in terms of bang for your buck. I don’t want to pay another figure/subscription to another company. Monopolies can be beneficial for customers especially in the creative community space who are notoriously underpaid and lack coin. Something I don’t think the SEC has taken into account.	UgwXuNHKVgKGGCZo6mF4AaABAg
Greatest podcast ever	Ugx98euiyZ1GCil3MQp4AaABAg
vote for Niki Haley	UgyuiLkepxmF3N0IQat4AaABAg
Ptrediction. The supreme court will nor hear this case making it easier to get him off the ballot in other states.	Ugxy0wDtoJcnS8rFO8l4AaABAg
The real estate take is incorrect on a few things factually. Also realtors do bring more value than data entry to MLS	UgzfQjlZs4OecSAhwIR4AaABAg
Jcal has TDS so bad ..	Ugz-euF_ZIbLo8SUETJ4AaABAg
Great show! JCal shilling Bharara's pod as balanced is hilarious. He's an establishment Dem working for partisan CNN w/ a vendetta at Trump for firing him. 🤷‍♂	UgzhHrLmzxer9TCWjyV4AaABAg
What happened to JCals take on Colorado?  Edited out?	UgyLoK8x3jS_7eBmSCZ4AaABAg
The king of crop David Friedberg	Ugz72R36z1o2nybhadt4AaABAg
no need to have jcal input	Ugz9r1zssm1Oqz311nZ4AaABAg
please, does this pod need to have best friend Jason?  ...just because he is a bestie?	UgwZXf3oxx8jc-eVF794AaABAg
We bought a home by putting a flyer in homes we liked in case they would like to sell; and we sold the home by putting signs at the entrance of the community. Only fees were paid to the lawyer and inspectors. Never taken any lessons and it was before YouTube, or even Google. Done based on nothing but common senes that somehow uncommon. People tend to do what they imagine that they are told, and not actually told to do.	UgymC1PeCKMkLglxQaV4AaABAg
...war? What War? Dudes it's a Holocaust. Teenagers in tennis shoes vs Zionists Nazi's, supplied with American arms, in a prison camp called Gaza.	Ugx2rY3QxKdAHfgiU8Z4AaABAg
Great to hear the simple details of the NAR monopolies. Our national economy is riddled with this sort of crap, a million sources of friction and inefficiencies.	UgwO7nITiey-Qlyfc6Z4AaABAg
Why didn’t JCal give his point of view on the Colorado case? All he said is he listens to a couple of podcasts.	Ugwx2jdfb6GbySrRiMl4AaABAg
Somewhat chilling that Sachs says the only 3 outcomes for a startup: 1. Get Acquired 2. IPO 3. Go out of business. 

What about option 4: A startup has value where it slowly builds and makes money on merit and can stand on its own two feet. Perhaps 1 and 2 aren't so to be viable so often for the money supply to perform properly and not go into hyper inflation mode. If normal people are living in the same world of only option 1 and 2 making sense...then there seems to be a lack of government oversight on these false valuations people are using in options 1 and 2.	UgwE6mgkQVLR2GxUt_p4AaABAg
As an outsider the whole American system seems so corrupt its laughable, the president can barely string a sentence together without hand holding, he gets lost leaving a stage, weoponises the fbi against a former president and current candidate, changed the law so your own people are subjected to government propaganda which is just a fancy name for saying they can legally lie to you, lobbying is just bribery, senator's that make a few hundred thousand dollars a year but have 10's of millions in the bank. The list goes on and on and then at the same time project yourselves as the leaders of the "free" world. If it was a movie it would seem far fetched. Obviously rotten to the core and pretty obvious to the rest of the planet	Ugyc26X__Ls7eCOR9ER4AaABAg
There hasn’t been much commentary on the voters who brought the Colorado suit. Four of the six voters brought are Republicans and they’re backed by CREW, a left leaning watchdog group that was dropped from the Democracy Alliance in 2012 because they are “apt work outside the Democratic Party's infrastructure,” according to a HuffPo article cited in CREW’s Wikipedia page.	UgwA2z7dDn3rbAYDUuZ4AaABAg
This will have no impact on the real estate market.	UgznjLchv5BaqBrkiPB4AaABAg
Being in the real estate industry this was so off base. Sorry the buy side is way more work. Because you're all technologists you've built a dissonance thinking that the MLS solves all of the problems. Not even close.	Ugzs5r1EpPQCIDAIzt94AaABAg
Did the discuss bird this episode?	Ugw9zAFzniSLB3M57JB4AaABAg
Are they all invested in opendoor…thanks for the SPAC chamath how is it not mentioned in that MLS conversation	UgyBxjQLVk5N5NlZz0d4AaABAg
The podcast would do better to source it's shipping info from What is Going on With Shipping  YT channel. Sal is much more knowledgeable than many others. FWIW	UgyKvhJaMI6BjaJWyIN4AaABAg
The ability to run for president is absolutely not a symbol of liberty — it’s one of the most (rightly and intentionally) restrictive rights in the USA. You have to be a person of exceptional standing to be allowed to run and even the biggest fans of Trump (two hosts). 

And Sacks’s “this is restricting every citizen’s right to vote” is a horrific rhetoric because it feels intuitive but is wrong. Thousands of people have been disqualified to run and it’s nothing to do with people’s right to vote — it’s to do with their right to run.	UgzEE_YkG2_uTLhVuyt4AaABAg
just too good. Best Podcast ever!!	UgzwvNEgeJqD_FW_Nyt4AaABAg
Well said Sachs about Biden. He is literally nuts.	Ugzv0-3K6p_cIV34kId4AaABAg
I agree that the final vote should be with the people not the courts, but It sounds as if in order to "save democracy and our system of law", we must give Trump the presidency, because the Democrats were stupid enough to pursue indictment of him for things he had actually done, but were sort of not against the law. He can then take the next four years getting even with all his business, political and personal enemies who, he has told us, are also our enemies. (Being a Democrat that would mean that my enemy is myself.)  So, a man who has not a single ounce of humility will use the power the American people will have bestowed upon him, not judiciously as any moral leader would do (he is Trump after all),  but will give his followers the biggest retribution party they could ask for. Batten down the White House!  I can hear the AR15s going off all over America. All political corruption will immediately stop.  The woke mentality will be banished from existence.  People south of the US border will live happily ever after in the country of their origin.  The Palestinians will listen to reason and begin to love the Jews. Ukraine will be given back to the Ukrainians as a gift from Putin to Trump.  And lastly the man of 6 well-documented bankruptcies will solve the national debt problem.	UgwvxW0sIdsvJCoiX8R4AaABAg
Sacks is so freaking objective, and I always LOVE to hear his opinion. Would love to work for this guy! Would also vote for him if there was a chance to do so!	UgxG1WYj1JNqqkXFHzB4AaABAg
What really sucks is, it shouldn't JUST be Colorado.  It should be the entire US.  Guy was IMPEACHED TWICE!?!?!  Tried to "find the votes" in the last election, said the world was against him and he wouldn't leave peaceably, in-sighted riots and insurrection on OUR OWN F@CKING CAPITAL building.... That is fascist as fascist gets.  He should absolutely NOT BE ELIGIBLE to run for president of the US EVER AGAIN and if any countries are watching, In their counties either.  He shouldn't be eligible for leadership positions in __ANYTHING__ ever again.  He ISN'T a LEADER!!!	UgyKDqiy5iq_lUZejHt4AaABAg
We have bought two houses without agents… one was years ago as a “contract for deed” transaction and the second was because I saw a house while at a yard sale and told the owner to contact me when she as ready… I got a call some months later asking if I was still interested… we closed at a title office and I secured my mortgage at my bank. Further we sold the first house direct without an agent… we just put a sign in the yard “for sale by owner”… it sold in a week. Another technique used often when credit is tight is where the seller takes back a second mortgage i rent with option to buy offer… both require contracts best handled by an attorney… the attorney fee is much less than a realtor commission.	UgwUGpzMxdZtTBLYLBJ4AaABAg
Unless you are referring to a different "copilot" or speculating on dramatic improvements, I don't see how you get to the 3x lever claim. It's not that good	UgxEoFEN_UzacTwRtO54AaABAg
A bubble inside a bubble inside a bubble. Nicely said David!	UgzldZSIgG6djEV02Vt4AaABAg
Prior to interest rates going up, in many markets there were multiple offers on homes. In Bellevue WA, we are talking 10 to 20 offers. A really good buyers agent can make all the difference on convincing the sellers to accept an offer even when it isn’t the highest offer. Good agents are also solid psychologists because many buyers and sellers can be emotional and do stupid things based on what the other party may do. You all are sophisticated buyers and investors with large capital allocations but most are not.	UgwWfROL5b-ovZEmjV54AaABAg
I don't see how the Democratic party is all of a sudden the authoritarian party when the Republican party for a long time now has tried every way possible to circumvent the democratic process by gerrymandering,  trying to exclude demographic groups from voting, and favoring deep pockets to unduly influencing elections. Both political parties are guilty of these things but the GOP has honed these practices to a artform.	UgwGT3B3pqZJvDDlPyZ4AaABAg
What the Christ is a buying agent?

Do people pay someone to find them a house? Is this typical of normal people or just the ultra wealthy?	UgyCE-AiaP1ylTnGYIV4AaABAg
Sacks needs to stop talking about foreign policy, he has no clue.	UgyXgKqpIQU1al8D2sZ4AaABAg
* VC Investors find out what is like to start a business in Latam *😂	UgyUjYCDA6CQS3qE5xB4AaABAg
And SA ports don't work 😂	UgyW5DzTJ7sh57L_G5N4AaABAg
Great podcast. However Chamath is wrong about reason for lack of IPO's.  It doesnt matter how many analysts you have covering stocks, as their recommendations isn't going to solve this.  And  Investment Banks havent  underwritten Capital market transactions since the Financial Crisis. The problem is investors have moved to index investing. So if the stock isnt in an index there is no demand.  IPO's dont go in the index so we are in a circular reference.	UgwsuMVL-X2h6Ojm5fd4AaABAg
Vote VIVEK !!!	UgzbsFuxvubQnYtKtMN4AaABAg
I lost everything over voting for Trump. My apartment, job, banks closed my accounts and idkwhy, and my family even went so ar as to set me up to lose my son and ostracize me from the entire family. My cousin who I lent 2,5k to help him retain a lawyer to get custody of his son, once he heard, told me to ask trump for the money back he borrow if I loved him so much. I was homeless for 1 year and sick during that time. I'm still trying to fight out finacially but Thank my Lord Im alive and still fighting to live. I speak to none of my family and hopefully I can get somewhere before the next 15 yrs. God bless all and great interview.	UgzThQJZuMQ8sRJup094AaABAg
1:45:40 did they cut out JCAL’s response? His voice completely changed and he never has a response, he just recommends podcasts and then suddenly is giving the outro	UgwvVi2dJNRukOU2D6l4AaABAg
you got several things wrong regarding the current practices in the Real Estate industry. FSBOs websites are NOT real estate agencies. Friedberg is confusing them with Flat Fees brokerages. They are two different things. Both useful.  Also the main value the *few good* sell-side agent provides is at selling for more than you would do on you own, and the *few good* buy side agent is not at opening doors, but at actually writing the offer and representing your interests. Even though the money comes from the seller, all homes pay the same commission so good agents actually DO represent the buyer’s interest. As they can make the same money in ANY home they sell to you and are motivated by getting the buyer to refer more business to them. I’m developing an MVP to connect people with the agents who have the *most relevant* experience based on past transactions they’ve closed recently (MLS data) and the client’s location/price-specific goals.  bootstrapping for now.  😊	UgwHCVippe7ti_ucfSN4AaABAg
😆I see a Harry Canyon !  🤘🤘🤘	Ugyc7lwyveAK8BR-IGJ4AaABAg
1:46:16 I’m glad I listened to this pod to the end. I thought the last 20 minutes or so we’re absolutely fantastic and the reason why I listen to the show every week..  I love the fact that chamath who is famous and brilliant is still asking questions about how real estate transactions work!  That unbridled, curiosity and discourse is what makes the show what it is.  Actually it’s much more than the show. Well done fellas merry Christmas.!	UgxhSEj4VPG0jzrVs7F4AaABAg
As a realtor for over twenty years, When the market is easy like when Friedberg and Jason sold their home and have buyers already lined up to buy, then I would say negotiate fees with realtor or  get attorney , because issues can still arise for both seller and buyer. Buyer brokers protect the buyer from overpaying , finding financing, help with due diligence, and help resolve issues that could kill a deal if an experienced agent isn’t there to help. Currently , with limited inventory and rates so high buyers really need  help with even finding a home. Therefore, Buyer agents can work with a buyer for a lot longer then a selling agent. Many Buyers , also , can’t find a  home that meets their needs , or don’t have market expertise , or can’t make up their minds to what type of property they really want or cost involved in owning a condo vs single family. The seller agent is not there to protect the buyer. Also, The selling broker cannot be a fiduciary to both seller and buyer.	UgxCx50AHieTWig7VXd4AaABAg
2024 is the year the chickens come home to roost in America no matter which war criminal becomes president, just look how many innocent lives are being destroyed around the world by American weapons.	UgwqA1RUHDB-R1IPqj94AaABAg
Friedberg is a dummy!🤷‍♀🤷‍♀	UgwIRgkqZa-FT_qVCQF4AaABAg
Chamath is a snake oil salesman.	UgzK96KEy0Fr1RTSe4l4AaABAg
4,5% broker fee in Germany? NEVER! The legal maximum is 7,14% including VAT and I would say that 80% of the deals are listed with the max fee.	UgxVLxzDJxD2jAFRA354AaABAg
Was Robert E Lee eligible to run for office after the 14th amendment was passed ?	UgzZE8VZU5voTN3USgp4AaABAg
Face it. The amount of VC money raised requires an infinite amount of liquidity for exits at VC returns to be possible. It really didn't scale after all. But you got rich and we did get some cool companies.	UgxDjBQOekk4yDNrlS14AaABAg
0:38 is Jcal ever going to stop asking for credit for shit he's supposed to do anyway?!	UgyOD5EPlnv2Nxk0-NN4AaABAg
We need to get back to making more products in America. Or sourcing closer to home. South America?	UgwyEedV005xV5pGI-14AaABAg
2.0X	Ugww_haoW9Svqs738lN4AaABAg
So four leftist justices on the Colorado supreme court removes trump from the ballot in colorado.  What happens when Texas and Florida remove the leading democrat from their ballots?  The worst possible precedent will have been set if SCOTUS doesn't swiftly and unanimously deposit the Colorado ruling in the trash bin of history where it belongs.  A truly egregious and idiotic maneuver.	UgyubHKkeJatp_LrHHl4AaABAg
I LOVE how the entirety of the Left completely ignores that Trump has never been charged with Insurrection, let alone convicted.  Furthermore, they've never shown me a single piece of evidence that Trump did commit insurrection.  It is the Conservatives who DO show proof that Trump did NOT take actions of an insurrectionists, such as telling everyone to be peaceful and respect law and order.  It was the LEFTISTS who censored those communications from Trump because they WANTED violence.  The entire thing is a farce and a fedsurrection. I think your bubble must be pretty small to still have TDS.	UgyOP4jlJDJSn-8Qfqp4AaABAg
gonna agree with Sacks here about the Houthi stuff. Chamath and JCal sound naive. Already there has been a strike on a vessel in the Indian Ocean although no one has taken responsibility yet. Probably gonna get worse before it gets better, as Israel is not gonna stop, US is happy being the supplier. US has already backed out of Prosperity Guardian.	UgwKSX5WXDo3AHYeMDx4AaABAg
The MLS monopoly must be broken! Time to write your senators	UgxD8MR34IqblDs4sZp4AaABAg
Sorry, but representing yourself without a real estate agent is like going to court and not having an attorney.	UgyqQR_69gWhNqqvnAF4AaABAg
Whoa, Sacks blinding his own eye on the Trump stump. Trump was unbelievably vindictive against opponents and still promises to be more so. Not once did y'all mention the 2000 election halt to recount, the court of Kangaroos whose deciding Justice was appointed by winner's father, for a state where his brother was Governor, for voting machines that didn't pass security tests afterwards, and an audit much later that determined Gore would have won if recount continued. 

Y'all are tilted, the roles transparent now. Would have been cool in Texas in 1999.	UgzpJtNe8hOntGXwXtF4AaABAg
Off shoring is not a new idea guys. There’s a reason people stopped doing it - not that the reason is correct. Timezone is a problem , product velocity reduces significantly, you cannot have dynamic requirements.	UgwBHTsuMLpjD2KA0x94AaABAg
If you are looking to buy a house and call the seller's agent and tell them that you don't have an agent they will give you VERY preferential treatment. Because you are doubling their commission.	UgxAcYKu82kcWhCR41l4AaABAg
Startup offshoring 🤣.	UgzmHyYHYYyqG31Fabl4AaABAg
Great podcast.  Can I request that you dedicate an episode to the biotech and Biopharma industry.  Perhaps have a guest that can speak to the current and possible trending climate of IPO and M&A activity and factors that drive these activities from disease areas, discovery, development to regulatory and market access factors.	UgzR1-inwJNKdSUhRHh4AaABAg
Great episode y’all, extremely informative on hot topics happening right now	UgwabWN3WU9cBrlS3RV4AaABAg
Usually love Friedberg, but if his return to operating companies means throwing his hands up when asked a Trump question or characterizing the world’s disgust of bombing 10k children as “praise for Hamas” then what’s the point?	UgxUNtCgWVl0sN23dIx4AaABAg
I don't get why Besties (who I love listening to, trusting their wisdom) often have a hard take on M&As, where they create negative sentiment as soon as there is negative news.

Unfortunately, they also were not right in their prediction about the Activision-Blizzard x Microsoft deal falling through, which took a hit on their credibility as it was unanimously agreed.	UgyZTx9gNuGGS89N7BZ4AaABAg
Well look at the alex jones trial or the NY trump trail. These judges are ruling guilty without ever having a trail. I appreciate you touching this subject but this issue goes way deeper.	Ugwwn2ZrSy_IQb31rE94AaABAg
SaaS Grid is amazing, I recommend everyone use it that wants to get accurate SaaS metrics. I have been using it since it was spreadsheets in late 2021.	UgxxpOoXVjxXmBlwfit4AaABAg
Or maybe Adobe doesnt do to Figma what it did to Macromedia. More competition is better for the market. This deal didn't work out but there are other deals that would work.	UgxpNxUYtCZkwRmLQK54AaABAg
section 5 of article 14 states that the provisions of the amendment is in the sole discretion of the Congress.  The congress would not want this decision to be made by confederate states	Ugyp4ipOkqzIYrzT6dZ4AaABAg
WHOA, WHOA,WHOA. Too deep in the weeds of VC.  Too esoteric guys. Throwing around terms the vast majority of your audience doesn’t understand.	UgzVwgNehJMnHv-iJzZ4AaABAg
Hah! Preet is a bought and paid-for Dem who has played his corrupt cards.	UgxwBSkvF6TZnvSnaFF4AaABAg
I always smile when  I hear the intros and the "going all in" jingle 😃🤣	UgzsaTYUK-hVd4a7heh4AaABAg
There is so much wrong with the real estate conversation that these guys had in this pod. Can't even begin to set the record straight...geez, talk about getting too far out over your skis, holy moly. Yes, I am a broker. Please understand - I am totally cool with agents going away, I will make a lot more money when they do away with the real estate licensing. So many potholes to step in with transactions. Legal descriptions, surveys, home inspections, appraisals, etc. All these parts are moments where you need clarity, understanding, negotiating ability, and an advocate. When buyer agents go away, buyers will not be prepared as well; also, values will go down. When buyers don't know what to do, they won't transact...kills demand, values go down.  

Bad for sellers, bad for buyers, GREAT for investors.	UgzStOjYW7qPOFTqrFl4AaABAg
Pertaining to the real estate section, I’ve been a real estate broker for about 10 years and the company I work under has used Buyer Broker Agreements since I started and I assume way before I started. Buyers brokers have way more job duties aside from just scheduling showings. 
As for who pays the commissions, the BUYER has always paid commissions. The seller does not have the money to pay any commissions until the BUYER brings the funds to the table. Then from the proceeds of the sale, the compensation gets paid. Without a buyer bringing the funds to the table, the seller has no funds to pay any fees at all	UgxoCUh_LW3UBF5KI454AaABAg
Friedberg seeming to have gotten some of that JCAL TDS	UgzOrG8Upra_xQZ1lhh4AaABAg
Youtube censors 4 prison	Ugx6oKBDr492jy_Fl4F4AaABAg
In Norway you pay 1% broker fee.	UgzbdFTSf-Q9ZeMvPdN4AaABAg
Nominate a non criminal for the republican nomination for president. There are many great candidates who  will do a better job.	UgzO3Ict9ggzT6hf9rt4AaABAg
Cool	UgwANxdVv3wt5uxEmod4AaABAg
The infrastructure of South African ports has not been properly maintained by the ANC government and South Africa has been struggling with its own supply chains. I don’t know if these ports would be able to cope with more ship traffic.	Ugz1ug6HpRWVSScIuSN4AaABAg
I would be willing to bet that Friedberg left so much money on the table when he sold his properties. Ask any of the besties if they would sell a business without a banker and legal representation. They don't understand the real estate industry enough to weigh in here.	Ugz0rXhvXGfw917MDwt4AaABAg
Sacks: How could you say that a ceasefire would bring this whole war to a rapid end when there was a cease-fire prior to October 7 when Hamas attacked Israel in the biggest massacre of Jewish people (your people Sacks) on October 7th? What do you honestly think will happen when Israel has a ceasefire? Why not instead encourage Hamas to release the hostages in order to end this war?	UgxT91XbjWTs9WDXYzp4AaABAg
Not Cape Horn, it’s Cape of Good Hope.	UgzJAcXwJTrri169raF4AaABAg
May this show be forever produced weekly- By far the best entertainment everyweekend!	UgyZQZyDi3Ud3-qd5el4AaABAg
You guys HAVE to change the way you censor yourselves. The bleeps are KILLING me. Lol	UgyPcTHsFioiybXij4t4AaABAg
All-In has become increasingly political, and less about VC and investments.

Sad to see.	UgxyY_FaR5pq-ejMP5t4AaABAg
They cut Jason’s reply!!!!!	UgyiQ72iqFbEe3NEEBF4AaABAg
Daddy needs new skis😂😂😂⛷️⛷️⛷️🏂🎿	UgxfOkSst_zDimBNdvZ4AaABAg
Yes, buyer’s agent is worth more than a sellers agent. I’m not kidding you when I say the LISTING AGENT does 3 hours of work. And they are so entitled to a commission. Buyer’s agents also shouldn’t be making commissions that high. It’s a nightmare	UgzeyZYEwLkI6ZK1YAF4AaABAg
Great episode, you guys are THE BEST! have a joyous holiday season🥰	Ugxp8LyloYSePfZzZch4AaABAg
Great episode. The real estate stuff was way overgeneralized.	UgzUmPJCDI9Jsre9poZ4AaABAg
We have had success with calling the listing broker to show us the property and asking them to write the offer for us. This has worked out when competing with multiple offers, since the sellers broker doubles her commission, she pushes for our offer to be accepted.	UgwdMgYofi6467Zv9Bh4AaABAg
There used to be fear to fire on Navy ships and freighters 25 years ago because of reprisals. How things have changed...	UgyDv6s1HiYIEJgAeg14AaABAg
Who organized "stop the steal" on Jan 6 and who DID NOT STOP people from disrupting a legal process!	UgzyUZ1BBzSvlAnMiuF4AaABAg
NAR is such a scam. Massive pyramid scheme	UgzjYXFVg0tZPeCFviF4AaABAg
Friedberg!!! Yes!!!! Just build a business and forget about exit. Thank you. The Valley has totally forgotten about the idea of building a profitable biz.	UgycTAOKHQClVYGIgih4AaABAg
47:00 Sarbanes–Oxley is the reason most companies have stopped IPOing in theast 15 years. The amount of regulatory paperwork and process that is required is just to burdensome for smaller companies it's just not feasible anymore. We need to neuter SOX to revitalize the IPO market.	UgygA6L1mjqA4p6Nq6R4AaABAg
🔥one of the best shows in a while fellas. Thanks	UgxJvMYtQwTC-new3GR4AaABAg
Sorry, I have to pick back a bit. While many buy side agents do very little to provide value, there are others that do a whole lot more than you think.	Ugx25dp9m3MMTRucQDB4AaABAg
LOL Sacks forgetting that Trump sic’ed the gov on every opponent ever.	Ugzk8fuPVaF-R1guy6V4AaABAg
I’m a realtor in Austin. NAR definitely needs to go away. There’s certainly a conflict of interest for buyer agent. I think it should be a retention fee and a flat fee at the end for buyer agent. However I’d say most work done on a transaction is by buyers agent. Listing agents spend 80% of their time and marketing effort on cultivating relationships with potential home sellers than actually selling homes. Real estate is heavily relationship based. I’ve had offered 1% to sell homes but it really didn’t bring me anymore business than offering 3%. Sellers rather pay 3% to a realtor friend who they can trust.	UgxuZRetGgz8HOwK4jZ4AaABAg
1:03:50 CoPilot is definitely not a 2x or 3x lever. It's probably around a 1.2x to 1.5x lever. Still great, just not mind blowing.	UgwOTCeQSCyxcl34Dlt4AaABAg
Ive flipped hundreds of homes FSBO for over 15 years...I actually teach it. Bring me on guys Id love to contribute to the understanding. Love the Pod..keep mashing.	UgyHz3Cm2kmhcYdTjNJ4AaABAg
Sacks is getting cocky	UgwXDIeNUBogFtabOrB4AaABAg
Buzz from conservatives about the Colorado ruling seems to be pretty subdued atm. The assumption is it will be overturned, Colorado wasn't going to him in the first place, and everyone knows he's guilty anyways so there's not much to be outraged about. Trump threatening to setup a dictatorship will be much more motivating to moderates and liberals in terms of voter turnout than any of this. The left will turn up the heat on campaign messaging after Trump wins the primary.	UgwuG2hvKHqpsUTcaJJ4AaABAg
How much is 50K entitlement? Straight up the cost of living. by all means? If you rather pay me less but I live in a beautiful country like a beautiful country like a beautiful country like a beach shore of Mexico. Feel free to let me know cause I'll move real quick	UgwhMWYR8clwWCai1nF4AaABAg
After the Whitmer and J6 set-ups it strikes me that perhaps the purpose of the CO case/ruling is not to stand legally, but to provide a trigger for people the FBI is inciting to commit violence.  If they can incite violence it will buttress the narrative of right wing extremist threat and provide pretext for widening retaliation and suppression before the election.	UgxiTtEexOEetM9E-sl4AaABAg
It will be the rise of the cash flow positive SMBs.  I think we’re going to see an about face.	Ugy5RdZ7nMPsdpy0y4N4AaABAg
so the two liberals had zero to say on Trump very telling	UgzWWrAKW0ypfMX7xot4AaABAg
Great episode. Once again I feel
Compelled to advocate for a visit to the pod by Peter Zeihan for a geopolitical segment.	UgyRVFkRqOqYoy57jYV4AaABAg
Calling American workers “entitled” might be fair and true, but to a degree it’s also gaslighting in the context it’s used here. The cost of living here, especially factoring in health care costs, is higher than a lot of the other countries they mentioned.  I understand that for a a startup company with a budget it makes sense to outsource to save money on labor, but I don’t think it’s fair to fully blame that dynamic on US workers.	UgyNU4GQtRz5fmuvXzt4AaABAg
It's a self-serving law to disqualify to hold a government office.	UgwVtNJ41_y7eaSkGKp4AaABAg
How is it different from Dean vs Trump, he is having a hard time getting on ballots and the democratic party is pissing me off and I am a democrate.	UgwIqN0WjDVh9e5d75R4AaABAg
The 14th amendment does not include the President. "Officers of the US" are appointed not elected. Also they are listed in descending order of superiority. "Officers of the US" are listed last. If it applied to the President of the US it would be listed first	Ugy6dND8wHopMybWdLh4AaABAg
Love you guys but PLEASE help me understand how a convicted rapist and fraudster should be eligible to become POTUS. I really dont understand. Please help. You wouldn’t get a job as a teacher, janitor or bus driver with this record. Serious question. I feel i am missing something.	Ugx4a_expac3M04qWMB4AaABAg
sell by owner is a common transaction for those in the military...constantly moving. Huge money savior.	Ugw0-YeJlQtPOMu4VsJ4AaABAg
Loved the points about focus on good products and services and build a real business. 
Also loved the analysis of the banana-republic-state, CO decision to skip due process.
Great episode!!!	Ugwuva7gSduc5y6CfNR4AaABAg
There is a buyer broker agreement to sign with the buyer, which will become more used since the lawsuit.  If you get rid of the buyer agent, you will have a monopoly because then the listing agent will have a higher probability of representing both sides.  Most buyers can’t afford buying a home and paying their agent a commission.  That agent orders inspections, explains the process and protects the buyer by helping them understand what they are buying.  There is value.  Also in the Bay Area average commissions in the bay area is 5% 2.5/2.5.	UgyoK5mvoauo7b0mD5l4AaABAg
I love the part where JCal shows off going to Riyadh to his friends. He was made fun of not visiting the middle east in the past.😂	Ugwe3sWqOXC1E6Z4HMV4AaABAg
30 January 1933 already showed us how the Trump election is gonna go down.	UgxFJM4OBfS-3H1FVgZ4AaABAg
Best as always, though why everyone ignored the #joby mentioned😮	Ugw8Hpn8fsNTb53CcP54AaABAg
Nothing about Israel and Gaza.. seriously I never thought people with fuck you money can still be so scared to speak out	UgxqikNLfViUZvKRu-Z4AaABAg
Cisco acquired splunk for 28 B	UgxWQPJyfi5jeLpZ9Td4AaABAg
Cape Horn and Cape of Good Hpoe are about 6000km apart. Typical american has no idea of geography.	UgypdiJlmcX53ZNu57h4AaABAg
30:40 They speak of radical solutions to peace in the middle east...  War is the answer currently, and Jason is laughed off the mic for suggesting financial and/or diplomatic solutions... 


Ill just add the last impossible and hilarious solution to this problem!  


A solution so common that we use it everyday.  Yet considered so hilariously impossible that it doesn't even get mentioned in the discussion here. 


The solution is radical forgiveness. 


We do this everyday in so many ways.


Forgiveness ends conflict. 


In forgiveness, we both agree to forgive and forget.  


Maybe this time i was wrong.

maybe last time it was you.  


An acceptance that we've both been hurting each other for so long that a proper accounting is impossible and that the only way forward is a reset.  


It's how things get settled to a point where a mutually trustworthy relationship can be given a chance to grow.   It's how people who truly love each other stay in long term marriages. 


Yet-  How this concept applies at this level is somehow impossible to imagine! 

The entire concept is unexplorable, unthinkable, ludicrous! 


So if we are laughing at ideas... Let me throw that one in the hat and we can have a puke inducing laugh attack.	UgwekZhYvKygVNz0ekZ4AaABAg
Biden’s America	UgxaG_ip4FpzGdBvn0V4AaABAg
What’s the crop?	UgxL2b_Fbkkz2HvZytx4AaABAg
Vulgarity is not a substitute for valuable information.	UgyFehuUQ6UzNGYf2Yt4AaABAg
"Oral Sex is the leading cause of Throat Cancer" - cue the intro "Wet your beak, wet your beak, I'm going ALL IN"	UgyVM-vxgVR8YRloT6t4AaABAg
if USSC doesn't overturn the red states need to yank Biden off the ballot. He is not mentally fit for the most important job in the world. For goodness' sake, we already have to interrupt the process of Biden getting his diaper changed 5 times a day right now! We would go from bad to super bad!	UgxZdTSPxrqzVmA3BTp4AaABAg
Lysine lysine lysine	UgwvsisLlfufSEUGqGB4AaABAg
We the people should have a choice of who we vote for. Once the choice is removed you have wrecked our country.	UgzR1P3SP-rGubiQI-N4AaABAg
Can’t merge, can’t IPO, what happens? You have to build a business that is profitable.	UgwoZYs6GVmURpyJHNZ4AaABAg
By far the best podcast available	Ugw7Ah_isJjfrnoanKF4AaABAg
Hey guys, I totally disagree with your assessment of both the conclusion you arrived regarding broker fees and Colorado supreme court decision regarding Trump.	UgznSDToTrG_NT97zb94AaABAg
BEST podcast EvEr 🥇🥇🥇🥇🥇🥇	UgyCrlOftntImzhqrq14AaABAg
The Colorado decision was legally baseless. Ironically, the four Colorado judges are now guilty of felony election tempering.	UgzRzovSvXmNU-QTX554AaABAg
After that open I almost like JCal LOL...	Ugzo9jFRa6SiZX5BvjF4AaABAg
J-cow , you damian just admit you are voting trump2024	Ugyss1KGU7H4Q7y5IP14AaABAg
we need disruption in the real estate market soooo bad. way to many middleman and paper work	Ugzg2UNoJKjyELDPd_Z4AaABAg
Friedberg sometimes plays it too safe !!! He is self censored	UgxDSiONI1_73-V_FMt4AaABAg
It's "entitlement " to try to earn a living wage for anything better than a one bedroom apartment after earning a tough college degree that cost a ton of money and spending countless hours keeping skills up to date and keeping up with tech. Oh and also being expected to fix and maintain the software dumped in your lap from those low cost "outsource" coders... okay <eyeroll for the clueless>	UgyXlJG1R6rzxxaPxRt4AaABAg
Buyer agents will try to get you to sign an exclusivity contract for specified area/time	UgzP4Lgi7U3q88hUY0B4AaABAg
There's gotta be some anti trust issue with MLS having a monopoly over the whole housing market	UgwZiYUPfM5a4IRv73J4AaABAg
Lawfare and Cafe podcasts are absolutely not balanced. They were "all in" on Russiagate and every attempt to take down Trump. Just sayin'	UgxjY1mbRVOMuzwljsN4AaABAg
Prosperity  for them selfs, not for tbers people and the people are feed up.	UgwglBMVWFf2vkxfC0p4AaABAg
So, for founders, we should not look to raise any money for the coming few years? What about new startups? Does this also mean, as a tech founder, we should look to do more "hardware" type things, such as investing in compute or proprietary deep learning models?	UgxJ4eXifksw22PDjdV4AaABAg
This person, Judge J. Michael Luttig has a different take than Sacks and Chamath on the 14th amendment section 3.
But hey, he's not a Youtube influencer he's just a constitutional lawyer so what does he know?

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O-oALSPdhrg	UgxgwPvEo7CYkWDAxMp4AaABAg
Thanks for the laughs guys. 🤣	UgwVhbZWn0MYAkMKCg14AaABAg
What I am baffled about is that it wasn't the Democrats that started this it was Republicans?	UgwosTHjS6-ly83bPkB4AaABAg
Nice chamath the billionaire pumper has become chairman of the obvious	UgxRmgsS5p4j1rVVail4AaABAg
$aitx   ai saas security	UgzNfRZ7C1Vpz-hfeFR4AaABAg
FREE PALESTINE 🇵🇸	UgxtbRBWnFlLdcdJMi94AaABAg
What's the background behind Friedberg ?	Ugx28_D7T0eRe3cUvAB4AaABAg
I'm a lender, not a Realtor, and you're wrong about what buyer Realtors do. They don't just schedule appointments. They also negotiate, educate, and counsel their clients to win bids in a competitive market. They work hard for weeks, months, or even years without pay until they close a deal. They help their clients cope with the stressful process of inspection, appraisal, and renegotiation. You have experts to guide you, but most people don't. They need their Realtor's advice and expertise. The average buyer Realtor in the US earns $86,000 a year. Without them, the real estate market will collapse. Buyers won't be able to afford the commission, and sellers won't have enough demand. More deals will fall through, and prices will drop creating more of a loss for the seller than if they had paid the negotiated commission. Plus, veterans won't be able to use their VA benefits, since the VA won’t let them pay for commissions.	Ugx4aNSEwJen714qjL94AaABAg
I don’t understand the underlying reasons why there is no infrastructure in place for more businesses going public. Is it post 2008 financial regulation? What’s the reason for this discussed equity research analyst shortage?Is it just the current economic climate? This didn’t seem to be an issue in 2021. The transparency law discussed by Chamath does not explain the many IPOs that came after	UgxzO36w6VqTDWenu8l4AaABAg
Anyone can buy the forms on their website …	Ugz-T7vO5HLscvsbCP54AaABAg
crazy, putin just recently locked up his political opponents as well, maybe the dems are the ones closer to russia than trump	UgzJlrKwCyJJ4t5N2xB4AaABAg
This is the BEST channel on YouTube keep it up guys	UgwIdetSfsOxcSMnjc14AaABAg
Why doesnt China flatten the Houthis?	UgzBBgoTRVV7F872J9d4AaABAg
Cracking up already 😂 love the chemistry	UgxJ_Pz3TcqH2EDcn594AaABAg
“an Asperger side hug” —that was priceless.	Ugzr2oXWi5o08EtvKOR4AaABAg
Back to great form.	UgxxKq3R1VBdq7H74xV4AaABAg
What does JCal think of the Col. Supreme Court decision	UgzNFeWTo3nEF0A1Mkl4AaABAg
Good episode. I don't grasp the meat of the underlying MBA terms, but really to see you guys hash out details, speculate and explain things fairly well, and intersperse your different views, experiences and projections pretty well is fairly rewarding. Also, anyone can be chairman or dictator as long as Sacks wins best hair. All be safe and take care.	UgzdBfKp1CwsskBvrf94AaABAg
Always my favourite weekly feast! Merry Christmas, Happy Holidays from a snowless Northern Ontario (that is in Canada)	UgwFgrIZy0fmzL0-H4h4AaABAg
I think it’s poop	UgzzbxHH180OyKYtpx14AaABAg
so funny how the the two Trump hater did not comment on this at all, thank you for showing your true evil colors	Ugy4L0c5mH5flTv-W0p4AaABAg
Biden hasn't used the word "ponderous" in over a decade.  Since his first hair sniff, the continual deterioration of his mental faculties puts a cap on his vocabulary at cat, bat and hat.	UgzlrausuT0Ntc9wT1V4AaABAg
I come here every week to see the next virtual background that Friedburg puts up	UgyytsYTP4C5IU6Vu394AaABAg
Yet another home run gentlemen. Stay3C. (Cool, Calm & Collected)  -  Merry Holidays, and a happy Mule Deer  -  SteveInVancouver	UgwVfZh-DARBZY82tV94AaABAg
Everything is looking perfectly in order towards the WEF's Great Reset...	UgxrXO1W2LaQgk6ajUR4AaABAg
Love you guys! So funny 😂😊❤	Ugz72MddGoFUdkUcH4V4AaABAg
Very good	Ugw70WvmzdfdH1kql6p4AaABAg
0:20: 💰 A podcast host expresses frustration and plans revenge against his co-hosts and employees.
8:59: 🌍 Global trade disruptions due to longer shipping routes impacting oil and gas prices.
17:36: 🚢 The video discusses the impact of deflationary environment on ocean freight prices and its implications on global trade.
25:42: 🌍 Discussion about the potential for a larger Middle Eastern War and the influence of powerful forces in the region.
33:46: 🚢 The video discusses the asymmetry in sensitivity to loss in military operations and the impact on commerce.
42:24: 📈 The discussion revolves around the impact of choosing the UK as a location for a startup's Europe office and the implications of M&A in the VC industry.
50:31: 💼 The video discusses the challenges of building a profitable business and the role of VCs in the process.
58:56: 💰 The video discusses the impact of high valuations on businesses and the changing perception of tech companies.
1:07:01: 💰 The video discusses the positive impact of fundraising on founders and the need to staff up for sales growth.
1:15:21: 📈 The speaker discusses the process of commitment, decision-making, and learning in a business setting.
1:23:23: 💰 The video discusses the impact of commission on real estate transactions and the possibility of listing a house on MLS without a seller's agent.
1:30:47: 💼 The video discusses the potential impact of a lawsuit and settlement on the real estate industry, particularly on brokerage fees and consumer benefits.
1:39:11: 🔍 The video discusses the unclear application of the law and lack of due process in the case against Trump for insurrection.
Recapped using Tammy AI	UgyribjbXMeSXAKV4Qd4AaABAg
Yemen had a president not a monarque, but he’s been a president for 30 years or so. Kinda like a monarch 😂	UgzIRf1k5ERsoNiA5bp4AaABAg
I love you JCAL!!	UgzvVc4p2tn9oUx7LrZ4AaABAg
I have followed this podcast since the beginning and appreciate your guys take on most things. 

I just have one question, why do you refuse to talk about the 75 year occupation by Israel and its human rights record on the West Bank? I have yet to hear you guys just mention, for once, the illegal settlements and theft of land in the West Bank.	Ugzk5rV8EyE8QMh_BHZ4AaABAg
1st Bubble...He's a Crook and a Cheat, 2nd Bubble He's a Crook and a Cheat, 3rd Bubble  he's a Crook and a Cheat...Easy😎	UgzMY6hie8Hs4kL0zAF4AaABAg
“Jason comes in hot” 😂	UgyJlKm3Lek2W42eYBl4AaABAg
Awesome first segment!	UgyObMP0ONlq17fMSbl4AaABAg
Whatsup with all these bots in the comments pumping fake crypto coins?	Ugy1oHGKKWSsm_lUsLR4AaABAg
I listen every week & value your perspective. However I can't stay quiet about how incredibly disappointed I am about your lack of leadership in even acknowledging over 20,000 lives lost. 8,000 children dead. That we are 6 weeks from the people of Gaza starving to death. Can you please explain why you are choosing to not acknowledge these facts?	UgwbmopmRegrxlotwkN4AaABAg
Is Friedberg likely to stay on the pod with his growing discomfort of talking about controversial topics and passion for his moonshot startup?	UgzUEY6-6UVxHTAYotd4AaABAg
I listed my home myself via FSBO and sold it +300k / 30% more than 2 top realtors quoted me. I hired the top photographer and staging. 99% realtors do F-A and are a complete scam smoking mirrors who drive your home prices down, and brings no value to the seller or buyer. A lawyer is accountable for due diligence but a realtor is often not and scott free from error.	UgyvWeee0WjFJ4-C1W54AaABAg
The practical reality is that the EU is sliding into recession. Germany has been in recession for 2 quarters already and the situation is only getting worse. China already knows that trade will be diminished due to these recessionary influences. As such demand for shipping will decline with capacity becoming far greater than the actual demand. Any increase in cost pressures resulting from the activities of the Houthis will be offset by the decline in demand.

To solve this problem, it will be much easier to get rid of the Netanyahu government than to get rid of the Houthis.	Ugyq8D6HKCswlYB0W814AaABAg
I think someone is going to have to address the fact of the changing demographic where the boomers are all (all) retiring and the money is no longer flowing in.  These companies are not going to acquire the easy money to burn through like in the '90's.(edit 1) I sold my second home directly on Zillow>ten years ago and it was a VA loan, went very well, my son bought his last home-this year- from a friend of a friend. The broker can earn their money through directing the customer to the "right" home in a good area rather than you buying remotely basing  you decision on price and pictures.	UgxRh9fw-jy223YawM94AaABAg
10,000 containers on 1 ship xompared to 7 on a 747!😮	UgymSYEj_He-GJOizUp4AaABAg
Ha Ha  Friedberg 🤷‍♂	UgxGvys6cN_KiG0RrrJ4AaABAg
JCal referring to the inevitable uprising against a brutal occupation that made South Africa's apartheid look like a picnic, and the ensuing genocidal reprisal as a 'skirmish'. Houthis are staging a humanitarian intervention to stop a genocide, or at the very least, ethnic cleansing, where disease and starvation are being weaponized, while the West and GCC countries (apart from Qatar) want to return to the prior status quo occupation, and forget about the brutality of Israel and the plight of the Palestinians. Quite a different reaction than the West had to SA's Apartheid - why the difference? Makes you wonder.	UgxesI3NYZC5qUqFY5J4AaABAg
It is not the percentage of houses you sell they would rather sell more houses more quickly then have a higher percentage percentage is surpassed if you can sell more.	UgwE2wyetX9mwm8Tjvh4AaABAg
You guys are clueless about buyers agents. They spend days looking for properties for their clients and even more time driving them from showing to showing until they find the right property.	Ugx9v_3GY9ej7m5nBVx4AaABAg
Yeah like ARk	Ugw6Xj_9xNdueYHlTVJ4AaABAg
how did that $100m fund do a 43x? that's insane. what did they invest in?	UgxfeEro0RqTyLM2Z3V4AaABAg
You are one of the most sophisticated and brilliant YouTuber/content creator I watch, and 1million percent the very best in finance. I appreciate all of your content thank you for AMS75T much love from Chicago	UgzlV8_Nxe1lp9N8DN14AaABAg
Watching this foaming leftist try to reason his way to the conclusion he wants is rather dangerous. Nobody has ever told you people "no," have they?	Ugz_Jlx7svulLB2epeB4AaABAg
Since the developer cost is lower. There is going to be more competition. So margin will automatically come down from 80%. This will convert all SaaS to MSME with small team and small profit. Unicorn will become rare in pure SaaS without deep tech. Deep Tech not equal to GPT wrapper.	UgyoM-7QbW2m6ReXumV4AaABAg
What ski resort is that where Jason lives? Assuming Tahoe. Palisades?	UgwNzj7oDcxjGl27MLp4AaABAg
So Friedberg is making CRISPR quinoa right? JCal gave it away with "King of beep". But why the secrecy? Feels like a lawyer gag formality until a deal settles. Is Above Foods or $BITE involved?	UgzFQdVbUx2DFw1jyeV4AaABAg
Guys - Why are you not covering UAP/UFO topic?	UgzWjW05o2IiRSwNiQN4AaABAg
"80 attacks on US bases in the last months in Syria and Iraq": America is getting played. China is opening an all-fronts war on us via its proxies to spread us thin, then it will take Taiwan.	UgytoNvsA1E-HpNePXx4AaABAg
New year new improvement: go translate the show to all languages like mr beast does	Ugy57CX3_5aTn2cEru94AaABAg
Real estate is a people business. 

So tech could not disrupt the property market as much as other industry.

Majority of clients will buy through an agent because they trust the agent.

How can the buyer trust the seller directly when there is a conflict of interest?	UgxwOqcQNcIboWvN-Qd4AaABAg
#ForkTheWorldEconomy, #NotOurProblem, #LetEuropeAndChinaPayForIt.	Ugyg36D1wUrKdhFSNx14AaABAg
This episode is particularly dense with insights and information, great part about the Red Sea. I particularly enjoyed the part about the New Era of building startups. It felt like I was sitting by and listening to "old" business owners and self-employed from around my local city.  And I felt lucky to have the chance to listen to them.	UgwwP2xqt-_-cInyYCJ4AaABAg
Did it occur to anyone that maybe instead of assuming that we need to take military action against the Houfis that the US should instead apply diplomatic pressure to the Israelis to stop the Israeli government from engaging in a war crime by starving hundreds of thousands of people in Gaza?	UgwfXq2IMCUXAQ2v6sx4AaABAg
Why is this not a China problem?
Why dont they clean this up?
Why are we paying for this cleanup!	UgzZuYJFx9VsM5bdSzF4AaABAg
I detest Trump but absolutely it isn't democratic and therefore supports him indirectly. Having said that it would seem double standards to defend Israel	UgwBLEIwDxWcGnU6kh94AaABAg
I saw the Houthis line up their speedboats, in this holiday season.  They're the Middle East Rockettes.	Ugy94V7ntwwDqjM1Yrl4AaABAg
Chamath calls Iran a third party actor but omits the USA?! Seriously?! Iran is at least in the region, why are we there? Such a sense of entitlement and blindness to his ignorance.	UgyuWObnchFeABdMBV94AaABAg
1:37:00 Bubbles all the way down 😄	UgyKTcXqT-B5mw5dqZh4AaABAg
Why haven’t the Republicans held dems responsible for any of their hoaxes?	Ugz515wZBR9Cs0LY58t4AaABAg
Once again Sacks is the only person who truly grasps foreign politics here. Challenging jcal’s “houthis will be dealt with” claim and giving the people the ACTUAL reality is what more people need — especially western audiences who often ignore and disregard guerilla groups as simply nuisances (just like they did in Vietnam, and countless other non-western groups). The only long term solution is a diplomatic solution in Gaza, ceasing war.	UgzOgPvB2W5WAnHAKqd4AaABAg
What's the crop? QUINOA?!	Ugwc6bKj4DT4PUjMZNd4AaABAg
The democrats have been pushing deeper and deeper into this territory since at least 2008 with the weaponization of the IRS. They always get away with it and no one is ever held accountable. Why would they stop?	UgyGqi3Ffs9dP7kdtk94AaABAg
The Houthi issue rises from the Israel-Gaza conflict. The larger world powers and the UN need to contain these conflicts. The West needs to control Israel, theyre a tiny state and a teenager in comparison. The Arabs needs to control Hamas and make them back down immediately. Think of the people in Gaza who live in a Warsaw Ghetto like conditions and dont connect them with Hamas- they had no choice. 2 million people living in a 141 sqm area. The coalition against the Houthis is laughable, with countries like Aus and Europen countries sending 5 to 10 soldiers each. So again we will see the US doing bulk of the lifting thereby pleasing the Military Industrial complex.	UgzUsfy-dz-TqT01Z1t4AaABAg
1:03:18 The problem is AI and LLMs need to be in  the US due to a lack of GPUs outside India, and Mexico has to wait nine more months even with a new AMD lifeline,  baby and tiny LLMs are possible or the same thing pay to providers	Ugz9zhyO0rt1oRVrSRh4AaABAg
Trump aside, the lawfare targeting of Trump that we are all just sitting around watching will come back to bite us all. When he said he was standing between the democrats and anyone who doesn’t cower before them, it was just the truth.	Ugw4LRd2s_J4j6mZAA94AaABAg
Awesome Cast Tonight! I hope everyone has a Merry Christmas! 🎅🤶🎄🎁🎄🎁	Ugy_8WTKDW4uTSH65OF4AaABAg
How can any sane person deny that Trump wasn’t  behind and started an insurrection? Duh, what’s wrong with these guys?	UgyhU8mqQ0jGEiwdJbt4AaABAg
Friedberg hate on Trump is very obvious. I wonder what  he thinks of the Corrupt Bidens.	UgzBYHSecZQGpeedyht4AaABAg
Best open 🙏	UgxL5_wROc5hLoETuyl4AaABAg
Get me that shrug emoji meme of friedberg	UgxL7MfNEsBOkwW18t94AaABAg
I love all the Besties but Sacks’ relentless logic is truly inspiring. This podcast is so full of great thought and analysis.	UgyQngLZyzu_xvP74q54AaABAg
Honestly, maybe it was the sniffles but, you’ve got to give it up to JCAL for truly being a  Great Moderator for letting the boys have the red meat in the last 10 min and not letting his TDS go full nuclear and spoiling the entire episode. 👏	UgzhBJNJD34f1VpqNtt4AaABAg
You should really get some foreign policy experts on.	UgyvYVuFCwhedBhcdXh4AaABAg
Why is jason so silent about colorado ?	Ugz-RVmi7Z_AmznZb-54AaABAg
Not every ship is going around Africa. Look at AIS data. Many ships are still using that route.	UgwTzsZj3UpIMkpfcOh4AaABAg
A questão é que Trump só poderia ser julgado por um crime cometido no cargo de Presidente se tivesse sofrido impeachment, o que não é o caso. E penso que neste caso específico (14-3) o Presidente da República não está incluído.	Ugx-yb_-QigpIfkYyJR4AaABAg
Crazy how these dudes act like January 6th never happened. Like we all didn’t watch Trump tell his followers to attack the capitol, and how he didn’t do anything to stop it. Then how he tried to deny and overturn the election weeks earlier. Fast forward to present day and Trump’s saying how he’s going to be a dictator on day one. Dude’s acting like Trump is some innocent candidate running a clean campaign, and the government is just picking on him. J Cal’s punkass didn’t even have an opinion, just recommended some podcast.	UgxM4zyUHjTXQrkRf3N4AaABAg
Hey, Sacks. there was no monarch deposed; instead, the president was overthrown in Yemen in 2014 due to democratic demands	UgyAFxRpr_cit9EUvA94AaABAg
I have a more respectful title for Chamath: Supreme Leader 

It means fascist, dictator,  CCP party chairman etc. without sounding offensive.	Ugx5NACZ98R6nrhXQlJ4AaABAg
Billionaires finding a way to make more money by screwing real estate agents from commission. The 1% will be rich rich while the rest will eat shit . Real estate agents start learning to code I guess .This is why we need laws or they will starve us	UgyIEKS9e8HNhK2mC6F4AaABAg
Crap...nothing on Genocide in Gaza funded and promoted by your govt and friends.	UgxBoN5Ro7sZLcfvXVd4AaABAg
Why do shareholders expect 45% growth over a year…that’s part of the problem. That’s why we don’t have a middle class and nobody can afford anything now. And to say wage growth is entitlement is true greed.	UgyZ_qwXGr_JbiFVx3l4AaABAg
Shippers were upset about too much capacity.  This conveniently reduces it and saves their year.	UgxTQmAS-_Z-3oYKMIh4AaABAg
lol	Ugx8FXMANna8bG-Z3vl4AaABAg
I can’t believe Jason and Friedberg (disregarding the one minor point of clarification you made, which really totally ignored every point both of them articulated) didn’t engage with Chamath and Sacks on anything they said.  That is the problem that I have with smart Democrats.   How can people claim to be enlightened or intelligent without the willingness to engage with those that are well meaning, well spoken, intelligent, well mannered individuals that happen to disagree with them on a political issue as large as denying the opposing party of their leading candidate for President? Is the action by the Colorado court indefensible, Jason? Your silence says so much more than your words in this instance ever could.  You are obfuscating any responsibility of the Democratic Party to justify their partisan hatchet job. I’m a man that helped get Dems elected to four terms in house and a term in the senate and this behavior is so far past disgusting that the Dems have forever lost my vote, this IS NOT WHAT AMERICA IS, SHOULD EVER BE. We are supposed to be the example. Trump left office, he didn’t barricade himself in the White House, the guy left.  What is wrong with all of you.  I mean Hillary IS STILL LITERALLY saying Trump stole the 2016 election because of Russian collusion that was of her creation.  The Republicans haven’t tried to disappear her like the soviets….The hypocrisy is so thick i would need a nuclear weapon to break through it at this point.	UgxejME8agKSeMYfqIJ4AaABAg
I think we should be wary about China only looking at its short term interests (exports, which can around the long way anyway) and utterly ignoring its long term of interests in creating a multipolar world.	Ugw41q6FRhRMLvO1vO94AaABAg
great podcast guys	UgyzOBcPX0HGYKy_aiR4AaABAg
Tesla recall 🦗 👂 😂	UgzpcSwCCihxZOa5hst4AaABAg
@1:03:08 agree with Chamath about the biggest disrupter to AI just might end up being VCs. In the same way that cloud computing (let's be honest AWS) made starting a startup so much cheaper and easier (think gutenberg printing press, cotton gin), so does AI.	UgxVLvbprnKa6d3GGQd4AaABAg
Love you gentlemen big fan definitely a must listen, but you over simplified the real estate market. Like you I don’t really have skin in the game as I will get paid whether realtors pay me or private clients do.. we provide the great media that brings foot traffic to the door. Zillow, Red f*rt, all want to use the MLS system which is the only proven system to sell your home, those services are just leech services that provide very little benefit. The MLS system is paid for by the realtors, it is what makes that system work throughout North America. All these cheap people Dani want the benefits of the mls  without paying for it they feel like they are entitled to have access to the system for almost zero money. The system was built for and by realtors and works extremely well. The reason the buyer agent gets paid by the seller is because they work really hard drive to show 30 properties all over the city or area costs time and money. Now I am sure they could set up like lawyers an hourly system that the buyers client pays but it will not be cheap either. A good realtor will sell the home for a good 10% above what the 1% cowboys out there.. they market the property extremely well through their brokerages and to other brokerages.. and there is a lot of admin cost and safe guarding of the clients interests along the way. Even with a good lawyer they only see what is on paper and submitted there are so many pitfalls in real estate that the realtors and their collective in the brokerage understand through experience in processing thousands of sales a year. I really don’t get why people want to cheap on on for most their biggest assets… you definitely get what you pay for. My agent on my home on the buyer side we were competing with 8 others in the buying process and it was because of realtors knowledge that we ended up winning on offer night. His direct knowledge not only saved us money.. it blew out the competition, because the selling agent was a 1% wonder and didn’t realize the water treatment system was not a rental it was a finance.. so my realtor in the first couple of rounds didn’t mention it.. we never upped our first offer, and in the third round as it is a blind build the cowboy realtor who was trying to double end the deal without disclosing that he was bringing in a buyer.. tried to get us to up the offer that is when my realtor dropped the hammer on them, and we closed the deal as his buyer backed out in the final round. Having worked also at a top Toronto brokerage for a decade as their senior marketer I understand the insider knowledge of what goes on and how valuable top realtors are and top brokerages too. Everyone wants everything for free.. especially those folks like you gentlemen who have money to burn from my knowledge you folks are the cheapest (no offence) - definitely knew Freiburg would’ve been one to go that route. For a proper deal to get done there is so much admin work to get done properly and be triple verified by a brokerage.. way before it even heads to a lawyer. I wouldn’t recommend that FSBO to anyone with their largest assets you will get burnt and people are litagious you will lose everything. Not that long ago we had home the gov mess with our market a few dum dumbs that thought by not closing the deal that they would only lose their down payment. In the end a whole group of people lost 400 to 600K and had to rent for backing out of a deal. They were too smart and wouldn’t listen to their realtors. I appreciate that in you gentlemen’s cases you might already know some people that would like to buy your property as you work in a certain societal circle, but good realtors and brokerages will bring in clients from all over the world not just the local market. Those leeches in the market like Zerow and Redtard like to charge realtors extra and photographers and basically milk everyone for using the MLS system through them, I personally wouldn’t deal with any of them it is the realtors and MLS that are going to bring you the listings in the end and the realtors are on straight commission they don’t sell no one gets paid. Now as the property owner them raising your assets price is a good thing not a bad thing. Yes you need to be able to afford to purchase but once you have your foot in the door and are generating equity you want your assets to go up and value so that your investment grows. Would you gentlemen investing in VC work hard if you could not profit, there has to be a reward for expertise and knowledge, or why build businesses? Now I appreciate you gentlemen are in the US and your market is sketchy in many areas mostly because of your banking, state, and fed rules etc.. but in Canada Real Estate is highly regulated, the banking system is extremely safe.. so it is one of the greatest investments going. Without great realtors houses would sit, people in trouble would lose everything, and you would rely on faceless Tech companies who could give a crap as long as they are monopolizing with their own system and profiting. They could care less about the realtors buyers or sellers as long as they milk their chunk from you, and at the end of the day when Zerow becomes king they would jack you with rates till we would be back to where you started but with someone who is not only incentivized to sell your property but to also get you the most amount of money they can. Why do buyers agents get paid also.. because they actually work harder than the selling agent. Some of their clients they have to show 30 homes to before they change their mind and want a place on the opposite side of town. Anyways that is my two cents.. like I said.. for me it doesn’t make a difference except that realtors will have your place ready to photos video and scan and I don’t have to charge return fees because the place was not ready to capture media. Usually it is staged too, cleaned, inspected. But then again if you don’t work with a realtor I will just charge more because of your incompetence as it will take us more time on site to do anything.	UgygADoe0lSXxXC5reZ4AaABAg
Fave bestie guestie ❤	Ugy8yU1gr8NnmFS_-5J4AaABAg
7:07 Apparently they know the saying, "It's not gay if you don't make eye contact."	UgwVgjd-EiMOmSFn1hd4AaABAg
Whoever incites, sets on foot, assists, or engages in any rebellion or insurrection against the authority of the United States or the laws thereof, or gives aid or comfort thereto, shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than ten years, or both; and shall be incapable of holding any office under the United States.🤷🏼‍♂	UgzB_nbm8qTIVxceuwl4AaABAg
Epic intro :) !!	Ugz_T9o7W38EIFK7TGh4AaABAg
Dang! You guys are brutal.	UgxNVbM6ZCKN_qcJIQl4AaABAg
this government is hostile twords business' point blank period, stay away from regulatory growth until a new government thats more business and growth friendly, or risky throwing millions down the drain then finding out a year later your denied	UgxuEHfXnz50DuC9xfR4AaABAg
Sachs misses another outcome. You start a healthy business that is profitable and keep it private. Of course that means avoiding VC vampires. Bootstrapping is the way to go.	UgwLCQovR6AiUwF6vtl4AaABAg
Friedburg needs some more calories, he's misremembering Fight Club. Meatloaf's character wasn't on estrogen therapy. He was a former bodybuilder that heavily abused Steroids, "they give that stuff to horses," leaving his endocrine system deficient to signal normal testosterone production, leaving his estrogen abnormally high in ratio, leading to man breasts, a common side effect. Meatloaf's breasts were obviously exaggerated tho.	Ugw4IC_R7Qc-O9COQPt4AaABAg
CEO FOMO	Ugze_OSd-jN3-9W0oAt4AaABAg
Sacks is a GOAT	UgzKFhKhqG9IuJOzmoZ4AaABAg
you guys should cut Peter Zeihan in for 10% of J Cals stake to consult on geo-pol. He is consistantly like 10-20 years ahead of the game. This rebel blockade stuff is just beginning.	Ugyqch_r2s-1P9Uf_3t4AaABAg
The segment were they talked about Trump being taken away from the ballot forgot to mention the global impact. America can no longer be viewed as a credible source for any sort of Democracy worldwide and anyone who is currently our ally must be looking at the past few news cycles of America from the President about to be tried for impeachment, his son skipping congressional meetings, coke being found in the white house, sex tapes being taken in the white house, and now leading political opponents being stricken form the ballots. If this was taking place in any other country we in America would assume they have 0 credibility so why should we be so bold as to believe the rest of the world thinks that we still have some?	UgwSjkAnjF6ThkX5e9t4AaABAg
Can someone explain what chamath means when he says to raise a family and friends round using an AI tool?	Ugw9eYOY0QzQhzyD-eR4AaABAg
Aspergers side hug has me wheezing 😂	UgxjLBbh-RRf_8qTwCF4AaABAg
I love these guys and the best part of my week is watching them on a Friday 😭 people might call it sad but it’s all I got nowadays haha, hopefully they’ll be doing this for a LONG time	Ugy9Y546Sgd-2Pwos3h4AaABAg
Hilarious 🤣👏	Ugz0pCf9U75UqcQlU_R4AaABAg
Go Colorado 😂	Ugx9jer1jqnjSVJGdXJ4AaABAg
Russia is responsible for the Houthi bs.	UgyU7wKUy6rTsesij1R4AaABAg
Are the Houti demands: delivery of food and medical supplies to Gaza, so unreasonable, that you need to start WW3? It's amazing to me the way that conversation turned so quickly to "well obviously that's impossible". Why? Is it unreasonable? Genocide by famine is not an acceptable war strategy, and further, aide is also a diplomatic tool that can be used to keep the Houtis at bay. In an asymmetric environment, try not being a dick.	UgxS7udzg9ANbWpKSQN4AaABAg
25:24 if you can predict the possibility of a black swan, it’s not a black swan.	UgxSFi14vGiebnNHnOZ4AaABAg
Saas businesses in the U.S needs to expand overseas before they get picked up for any M&A deals for max roi.	UgxJAaUNox_DYqySpch4AaABAg
Politics is the greatest show on earth	Ugx3_FYJNN1GihPJv8t4AaABAg
The Democrats, and I think rightly, view Trump as an existential threat to the United States and therefore will justifiably try to keep him in any way they can from becoming president.	UgywIKJZhX7nYCgV4u14AaABAg
Lost a lot of respect for Friedberg when he just threw up his hands and shrugged on this topic. If a Republican was doing this to a Democrat, he wouldn’t be shrugging. His ability to not be objective on this is extremely telling and disappointing.	Ugxr__k_hf7Xp-yajmh4AaABAg
Great pod boys	UgyqnSDRurbdEQCeNQN4AaABAg
You guys are the best	UgzscTCtY2kOrNXctC14AaABAg
USA: We need missle reform and blame the company that made these missle..cuz it causing lots of damges...While USA keep funding Yemen....lmao	UgyKR_xoyNCZwtjflq54AaABAg
So they described OpenDoor’s business without mentioning OpenDoor’s listing service 😂😂😂.  Thanks Chamath!! Or is that a legality?	Ugw3znIh3K062pmu6fZ4AaABAg
I truly don’t understand Sacks. How hard is it to see Trump is anti rule or law and anti constitutional democracy. In Jan 6th I slept well because I thought it clearly meant Trump would be a stain on the history books and never able to run for office again. Somehow reality is political for Sacks though. The guys is such a sad woke Karen.	UgyhSSsTZt5r9Zw3CyF4AaABAg
Fair points, but I don't think the perverse incentives for real estate agents play much of a factor considering how much of their business is through referrals and repeat business from previous clients. I'm sure there are exceptions, but generally the agents are getting their buyers the best deal possible.	Ugx2onnA358MQNDG0ph4AaABAg
USA will approve 1trillion to solve the red sea problem...imo	UgyVx-oLFFWV_2vQUBl4AaABAg
Trump 2024, last chance to save this country and the damn world. Biden is trash.	UgzpRsn7NJUDR0ZdnhJ4AaABAg
Last President to be removed from 10 ballets was Abraham Lincoln!  For fighting against slavery. Insane.	UgyvCzLOXz3qS5NpNVF4AaABAg
These guys are completely demented if they think global protests are for hamas.	UgwQQOnPLXudVMopg3R4AaABAg
The J6 committee had no prosecuting powers.  Trump is a traitor	Ugy6s6V9l4z0XAD07UF4AaABAg
Quite disappointed about your discussions or lack off, on what's going on in Palestinine.	UgxJGRnnZu7vjqFtS3l4AaABAg
Chamath you and Sacks are wrong about trump you forget about how we all felt when trump abandoned us on the 6 th.	UgxFXiMjP1F58YTUtO54AaABAg
More direct listing bro.	UgwvwXI2BxgENnrXhS94AaABAg
Global shipping is being impacted by global conflict?! 🤔  Who said exactly that was going to happen? 😂 Someone give that dude Zeihan a cookie!	UgyJ0n_ige8t9YpJw1N4AaABAg
"dealt with". These guys talking genocide.	UgyhCNZLIyIwXiYhO754AaABAg
If any one of you leave the pod, im out. Jcal we love you ser. It wouldnt work as well without you.	Ugzk95vZODiOa6wojFF4AaABAg
Friedberg just needs to read the 1 sentence of Section 5 of the 14th amendment to the Constitution to know that Colorado district court doesn't have the legal authority to decide if Trump is guilty. "The Congress shall have power to enforce, by appropriate legislation, the provisions of this article."	Ugx2jCR8okvntLbQNp94AaABAg
Is that a Heavy Metal backdrop for Friedberg?	Ugz5_ry7JXIN4Pk0Hyx4AaABAg
Love The phone a bestie add on 😂😂	UgxIjcfHU9LlIVUf_vB4AaABAg
Fourteenth Amendment, Section 5:
"The 👉Congress 👈 shall have the power to enforce, by appropriate legislation, the provisions of this article"

Not a state court	UgyMb1mxGd5LsAKEcqV4AaABAg
They never addressed the elephant in the room: stop supplying Israel with the f-in bombs, and all this madness will be over.	UgxaWmfBgCGS3bFLvyF4AaABAg
The mls could be replaced by an airbnb type website.
Showings are an issue. It should be open houses on a specific day, say Saturdays or wedn evenings. 
No hassle everyone that shows up must sign in and be rated... or something of this nature. How to show the houses is an issue bevause people dont want to set up apptments constantly and show people around.	UgzjKS2OBL0ID3GIbSl4AaABAg
The beginning just awesome ❤	Ugz5wv-AU19jtBUYGGR4AaABAg
Question: Why no coverage this year about the Startup Founders who took $100 million in fraud from Kapor Capital... surely that counts as news?	Ugx7BvvxJnl8giXnhJx4AaABAg
This is a hilarious segment 😂	Ugz8-pg4tAQ_6WeQAEN4AaABAg
Jason is on his game on this episode😂🎉Hilarious	UgzYgMQihWKeW0uNErl4AaABAg
Chamath, its not the houthis that are destabilizing the region preventing trillions in investments. Last time I checked it was Israels non discriminate carpet bombing campaign of a civilian population that is flooding instagram & tiktok with videos of dead babies.	UgxdWmMP6wbGyepJayJ4AaABAg
❤🎄	UgzB6nwNT7b6Z1m-LQN4AaABAg
General secretary palihapitiya	UgxdbPItXuJcKQxLcFp4AaABAg
Pleeeeaaase disrupt the real estate industry .	UgzfhMACaA8Oqiirv554AaABAg
The nonsensical ruling on Trump who hasn’t been convicted of a crime by the CO supreme court was a revelation about Democrats - they are the real dictators.  And there is a section people aren’t talking about:  Article 14, Section 5: The Congress shall have power to enforce, by appropriate legislation, the provisions of this article.	UgzsMLUekTkQ56x1Q_l4AaABAg
that's a strong start lol - Jason deserves some credit LOL	UgyjRSKTYM_w2b4m6SN4AaABAg
JCal what are your thoughts about the controversies on the Neom project? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neom#Controversies	Ugw5BRK8mAT3a2h5gzJ4AaABAg
I finally understand how excited my dad was to watch "The McLaughlin Group". 😅	UgzEAraMQlHaRaY3V0V4AaABAg
I always appreciate you guys!	Ugw1ZD5B0HqJHnFWALx4AaABAg
@MeidasTouch needs to be a guest to discuss the legalities of court cases, as every member of that podcast is a well seasoned attorney.	UgyjblkJ-W_zbZafSz94AaABAg
Sacks is my all time favorite❤	Ugwf1Jcd9i4eLeTelw14AaABAg
Interesting to hear about the RE agents - I'm conflicted - on one hand, It doesn't seem like agents are providing value to justify percentage they are asking for, and on the other hand I'd like to charge percentage for my work (in a different field).

I'm curious if All-In cast has the same opinion about the tech companies - many complaints from RE side could be applied there as well - should tech bros take a pay cut?	UgziDG2ppWoHVkO9KwJ4AaABAg
Happy Holidays!	Ugy2wnKaoyFchWgGH8J4AaABAg
Polyp bureau	Ugw-1nDoptTTE-h1C1x4AaABAg
Long product tankers	UgzfwbMX4vppOl-7UIp4AaABAg
I hate Reg BI and CRS. Also, other future wars are Venezuela and Guyana, Armenia and Azerbaijan, Ethiopia and Eritrea, and India and China. According to Robert Barnes, this is the second time the 14th Amendment was used to keep a candidate off of the ballot. The Colorado 14th Amendment rule will now be used against Biden in Republican states.	UgxPIlfLZno8HRDgTEJ4AaABAg
Lets goooo!! 🎉	Ugxups3D2Z0c7hulCaB4AaABAg
Colorado courts decided	UgxfwJDsyRyv_VDwBTN4AaABAg
😊sacks is 100% right, there’s so many beeps I literally don’t know what’s being said	Ugz9yE4LyISXBzl6VI14AaABAg
Yemen solidarity move? Sounds doubtful and like a contrived story. In reality it's probably more like some kind of false flag attack is my guess.	UgzczfdQ9gE9pBlT-BJ4AaABAg
“Aspergers side-hug”	UgxEWnYZiHViDJgVdt94AaABAg
Jcal I love your positivity here with the middle east ? But I think you can be a bit nieve at times as to the reality of humans capacity to do harm to one another when hate has taken over.	UgxbK9_ViivSUh35Avt4AaABAg
greed greed greed	UgxoY3SM6RlJ6FvHI9B4AaABAg
I feel like sacks is too focused on revenue growth and customer aquisition.   A ton of companies grow revenue but are still unprofitable. essentially spending a dollar to get 90 cents in revenue	UgzaQYNQxrfLUNQdIcR4AaABAg
i have a new ab Chelesy	Ugy2ZhtBQXULdglevHx4AaABAg
yay	UgxmkZoWQy4okTlinCd4AaABAg
over 400 houses	UgyHa7hxGJwDpkJGDNl4AaABAg
i sold real estate made me rich	UgxRQ8z8Txn_yDvuw5p4AaABAg
you guys on the pod are all venture investors. Would any of you consider funding my business for 20 years while I figure out how to be profitable? even if the company is never profitable we could IPO with it still unprofitable and then it can chug along for another 20 years losing money.	UgwfiHQKo9RYxKTQfsd4AaABAg
Outstanding as usual	Ugy4fCUBUQybN0-QAnN4AaABAg
I think we need to clean up the startup market to be honest. Amazon was cashflow negative for like 20 years.  I can be a great business owner too if I can burn cash for 20 years.  if I had a resturant and could sell people a $50 dinner for $20 for 20 entire years, of course I will gain customers.   Thats how all of silicon valley operates. basically selling a dollar for 90 cents, and then when they IPO they are like "oh f**k when we raise prices nobody wants our service anymore"	UgyRHKBYhuCrjd1W0Lh4AaABAg
We’re building that real estate listing marketplace. We’re starting with investment properties but anyone can list for free. It’s available for both IOS and Android App Stores as Zeamless Real Estate Investing. We’d love to hear your thoughts.	UgxjtF4kWygSC4pwhhJ4AaABAg
Hahahahaha JOBY 😂	UgwuVioVasKq_8cPb0x4AaABAg
ONE-WORLD FINANCIAL SYSTEM: 3RD SEAL, LAST BOOK OF BIBLE 

BORN-AGAIN ESCAPE IN RAPTURE TO HEAVEN, SOON	UgwVfDqdBxxar-ZNEMd4AaABAg
The brokerage racket is second in crony capitalism evil only to car dealerships.	UgxXboH67a7zl85JKvV4AaABAg
Broker fees will be compressed like stock brokers making rips in the 90s. However a lot more goes into the process than just pinpointing the property. As a buyers agent you have to navigate the inspections, guide buyer through financing, timelines and appraisals, negotiate any issues that pop up etc… finding the property is 25% of the process… also markets under 750k are much different than 2m plus… I do think 6% for property’s over 2m is egregious	UgwwkNnf81zLITm0yJl4AaABAg
The USA Navy is taking the brunt of resolving trade route friction between China and Europe???   Should the US go to war with Yemen (Iran proxy or not)?   To primarily benefit China and Europe???   That is why the US is $35T in debt . . . trying to be the policeman of the world.	Ugx-WylcOwsUfd6PNc54AaABAg
It was rarely 6%. The market had already been naturally compressing. It’s been 5% for a while and many areas under 4%, total comp. Assume 50/50.

If you already have a buyer directly, you can always structure it directly with them. This is not a market driven approach and only for both sides that are experienced. These guys are hundred millionaire/billionaires, so they have the resources out of their own pocket to do these things. Also, how is the other so sure that the price of the home was fair? You think at the price of their homes over $5m, a professional knows more than them of the market? There is a reason why their price range still has a majority of people use agents to structure and analyze deals/disclosures.

Buyers and sellers always have choices. This is exactly how Redfin started as being a discount brokerage. How did they sustain this? They pay their agents a salary. Their issue is always talent. Why would the best agents work for a flat/ low salary? None of these guys pay any of their sales people a flat low salary in any of their companies.	UgwuZEOFhBU3-0u0XPx4AaABAg
To chamath's point about VC's. im afraid none of the panel has a grip on where the world is heading. AI is going to democratise everything. This will involve a change in business model that not going to whet the appetite of risk. Rather, regular joe shmoe will have the opportunity to invest and take a share of the business.	Ugwike-CuYFy63GMcHp4AaABAg
This is the best value on the internet. Can’t wait for the All In Summit 2024! You guys helped me figure out how to think, now I have more than enough to afford it. Thank you	UgzhZoqWzz6qfUTs32F4AaABAg
Loved the phone a friend 😂	UgyPs-HeaXSK1Dcglgx4AaABAg
Incredible pod! When yall talk about tech, vc, and companies there's nothing better. Incredible pod fellas thank you	UgzZIcij9_KNGuEOnhx4AaABAg
Great moderation by JCal this week.	UgzRmjaxQUrnH91CS8t4AaABAg
Co Pilot is not a 2 to 3x lever, but it is very good	UgwXuDl7YUD2-YSChIV4AaABAg
stop talking about SPACs lol.SPACS were designed to circumvent traditional IPO's and enable holders to get fcked.	Ugw-nmnWH_iZ6pGuEyR4AaABAg
Why did neither jcal or friedberg comment on the trump case? What are you two afraid of?	Ugw4U_drhIvs8REZVjl4AaABAg
Swing and miss on your M&A analysis Besties (ex. Cisco acquisition of Splunk for $28b) 🐥	UgyuEihOGTr_Cv7ih4R4AaABAg
OMG - That opening laugh is priceless. :) I saw Jason posted he's investing 25K (which in today's dollars I think he meant 2.5 million) for less than .00001% of AI startups which I think is fabulous, so founder friendly. WTG 😅	UgyEpS34FU6Mfs6enZl4AaABAg
Crypto style fundraising could solve VC liquidity issues	UgyYaFbP_QS1jVckGtx4AaABAg
Has anyone on this Podcast heard of Cardano? A thriving ecosystem of Apps proving product first. Might be worth looking into with the changing VC landscape.	UgwdpXBDFdQ0AoIsBdt4AaABAg
$15,000 is insane for residential property legal fees	Ugz5YOWP_3AriXiQYGB4AaABAg
Sacks gave an incredible summary of the conflict in Yemen	UgzKnN6nIxx6nwqfmu54AaABAg
Hypersonics suddenly costs a couple of 100s of grand, not withstanding development costs - none on the pod says anything. wtf.	UgzXDXdA7fnBczLosTp4AaABAg
Sacks only represents  the very elite.... if you're rich af then you are gaining something.	UgyYyZzp-NIlNiKKunp4AaABAg
This was one of the funniest episodes ever! Merry Christmas guys 🎄❤	Ugw4R-0uNMLGozFdaMN4AaABAg
Classic Jcal - quotes 'lawfare' podcast as 'balanced' - its fine if its a leftist activist who actually drove the CO case and are gloating in the win but how did they become 'balanced' ? Shouldn't that be an unconflicted observer by definition?	UgynN6lx0Y2FNyTN1Th4AaABAg
Free Palestine	UgwSHOFlXga28buTtJV4AaABAg
I never laugh listening to podcasts but this group always has me in splits within the first 5 mintues, every single time.	Ugy5Mai3yrWc1SnZ2vx4AaABAg
Love yall, great intro	UgxP4NoUNx1SjrYOOvt4AaABAg
Trumps a pretty dangerous dude IMO. Denial of the vote is pretty crazy. Colorado decision is a bit silly though.	UgwHplY6lPv5L3h0KpN4AaABAg
This is trash	UgzBdKWXrLGOlfCvakV4AaABAg
You guys haven't mentioned the costs of the Iron Dome missiles. 🤔	UgzaqUSFpJKx2TvyCYR4AaABAg
Don't say beep FFS	UgxtYTtoLsskS7AXGNR4AaABAg
Don’t see why U.S. needs to be involved in Red Sea issue. It’s between Asia and Europe.	UgwDwaeZakHv_TAa_S94AaABAg
Your kidding me, the world is going to let Yemen rebels mess with global economy? I don’t think so. One way or the other they need to be taken out of the game	UgxiwPvZ_S64V7pFG2l4AaABAg
how does yemen even afford its lifestyle of attacks and warfare? do they even have industry there? it seems like its just a bunch of un-educated people standing around in the desert to me	Ugy9PvAk22VIDVWXr1V4AaABAg
What are prices coming down on, sorry?  I still feel like everything is extremely expensive.  If we cut rates next year won’t prices just balloon again?	UgzvcrBvKXuqhxaSgq54AaABAg
The US has no intention to stop any of these proxies....why would they when the flow of arms to Saudi is a valuable revenue stream. Chamath is obsolutely correct in saying SA is tired of all these wars bogging them down when they feel investment in other areas is crucial. China's able to weather this storm because their goods will continue to flow at the cost to the consumers in Europe and eventually people will want a resolution adding more pressure on Israel. Great episode with valuable content as usual.	UgxGjzt7jJdxzufiA1p4AaABAg
Every pat on the back of a man-hug resets the clock 😂	Ugw0PvTwtaEf5sitr054AaABAg
If you guys were really smart, you'd move from NLHE to, plo, and big O

4 or 5 cards way sexier	UgyJZ12RUlcYH3krr3Z4AaABAg
Why aren’t they hiring ex military to protect the ships?	Ugy-iQ9xj85TufPw2qR4AaABAg
Are these guys seriously talking about caviar right now? That is so cliche lol. Keep up the great pod, love you guys	Ugx0Jck5UFUoP5rDCpF4AaABAg
1:34:00 It doesn't take a genius to see these attacks are helping Trump. So why are the democrats still attacking him, knowing fully well that Supreme Court will overturn the Colorado decision? Obviously because *they want* Trump to be the Republican nominee. Why him? Because Trump is the only candidate people hate as much as Biden.	UgwdcSEnIf81TeeE-lF4AaABAg
I went from no agenda to this. Huge fan love you besties.	UgxFLomO38kXCiKd7lh4AaABAg
LFG.  Nothing like some good old fashioned bullsh*t on a Friday night!	UgyFuxrz3zRifSTdUgd4AaABAg
Sachs is right.	UgweDrB3LpsZrtGkz0Z4AaABAg
if the houthi's condition for peace is to allow aid into gaza, the quick resolution would be to agree to that.  chamath somehow convinced himself that we just need to "take care of" hamas and the houthis.  Sacks is right about being dovish here.	UgxUwnwsAo1XcDEMAUR4AaABAg
Trump2024	Ugxehi_SRNGWUNBAxpl4AaABAg
Isreal genocide in gaza jcal open ur eyes	Ugzd-ViZyUcSlujYVt94AaABAg
“Daddy needs new skis” 😂	UgzRsGLusXA8zJkhy2x4AaABAg
Love the cargo talk. Btw Houthis don't have hypersonic missiles, those are super advanced	UgxdF7b6HdMib9lQD8R4AaABAg
Such drivel in the opening minutes	Ugw7hC_xp8nFJXnprmd4AaABAg
3:04 BIPOC person of color means "BIlionaire Peron Of Color"? LOL That's not right 😂	UgyC7qYh2-2DBEvGTDV4AaABAg
That look on Jcal's face has he dips a chub into the group man hug. Ugh	UgysU2cTnhNwMXIFJIB4AaABAg
Supreme Court has already made clear in a previous case that an Officer under the 14A, is someone the President Appoints, and therefore the President is NOT an officer. Dude, this is the easiest case the Supreme Court can rule on. A first year law student could argue it	Ugy9XJz29zJwMG8HZ754AaABAg
When Javier millei	UgyAh4dwiwbXFR7liRp4AaABAg
Hmm. As a Broker I can see a ton of lawsuits coming down if home owners start selling their own homes.  People already sue indiscriminately in housing. Everyone knows commissions are negotiable. Only bad or new agents negotiate because agents know people who negotiate will squeeze the life out of you. You also have to understand, one deal could make an agents year. Agents getting paid for all the free work they do which is a lot!	UgybkQVZm22dY2onE6h4AaABAg
Wonderful podcast. Every Saturday morning(UK) I am waiting for it. BIG fan of Sack. ❤	UgzqR5uUKki2wHZgZNt4AaABAg
Honestly I have to commend Jason on the sound quality of his mic.	UgweSOgArS9ND7b3Oh54AaABAg
This is my favorite podcast by far! Hilarious start	UgxtCfKR4_twzYW22Ot4AaABAg
U MOFOs have got a GREAT show - this is not an endorsement	UgwID2SNSrA0-b0y1kJ4AaABAg
Party On 🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳	UgzVmQ1UYeZB1Q2TuWd4AaABAg
One thing that isn't mentioned is technically Adobe was going to buy Figma for $30 BILLION because they initially offered $20B of half stock and cash, and the stock has rallied 100% since September 22'. If i was Adobe, I'd be begging regulators to run the deal to the ground and save myself $29b.	UgyEVOO50JuUSUrTDgV4AaABAg
🙏	UgxCd65ZQLKSh2I6dWp4AaABAg
More beeps than morse code last time	UgwsJl-NhcuSHtgPPh14AaABAg
This is awesome 😅	Ugz4Ifwb89UcNGcLZ-p4AaABAg
I love love love you alll !!! Thanks for the smiles and laughs	UgyBJuPnAvcJ1XDDsa54AaABAg
Heavy metal!	UgyRqhfVpKxa5nEZpVR4AaABAg
the least report from Los Alamos regrating the extraction wind energy of MY TURBINE 1400 MW per sq mile.	UgwyQZqUOf2mzeOW7BJ4AaABAg
Thundereggs ⚡	UgwBzp6nyPqfZsUMnjF4AaABAg
What about a show where you analyse your own carbon footprints ?	UgzGHftB-4FTNHqs_4J4AaABAg
Spicy cold open 👀🌶️🌶️	UgzU1BGyKmE0HEgMz6l4AaABAg
Thank you Sacks! Happy Holidays	UgytVY1rdiGw6Zoqi0B4AaABAg
guys i am still celebrating Oregon with our turbine can produce 1400 GW of wind turbine. well i will be the first trillionaire the COWBOY	UgzB_uzNJzAga_C0bAh4AaABAg
Below 1000 view viewer here! It’s a bull market. LFG!! 🚀😤🐂📈❤🎄	Ugwrqn-ihk7Pyf7S9SJ4AaABAg
One year ago you had Elon on and he said 23’ would be rough year. We are at ATH on Q’s	UgxCSLNlCiDhB5PhcMx4AaABAg
Some excellent points near the end.  I watched this episode twice it was so good 🔥	Ugw3Pmw3MOG1VZZVGxl4AaABAg
Merry Christmas! :)	UgyUDIYyUDe5Y9eNvyJ4AaABAg
I'm actually surprised they have not discussed the markets in a while especially with the Dow at all time highs and the S&P 1.7% away from ATH.  The stock market this year was one for the ages.  Maybe the last pod of the year?  🤞	UgwwaNcW-U0RZejSEa14AaABAg
Without Jason the show becomes a circle jirk. People hate on him but he keeps the pod interesting, the disputes and debates are the best part.	UgyG-5QsQxMj99jvTYZ4AaABAg
Merry Christmas 🎄🎁	Ugzma3Hy9iQUmhWZDdl4AaABAg
This pod is good for the world. Merry Christmas, happy holidays and thank you boys.	UgwyC31KBQ27WG92zAt4AaABAg
First!  🎉	UgwGVgd_My-ntIE1jZJ4AaABAg
😎👍🏻	UgxNT8ImbC6KADPYzXR4AaABAg
Oh shiii holiday pod drop!!	UgzYOwUsZrgpEbA_qZ94AaABAg
Sacks 2028!	UgxuS1nHEMtPQ5-C5hx4AaABAg
It's late but it's here	UgxNTDlcul01z6D_uCd4AaABAg
First!! I love angry jcal he's so funny	UgzQdFO0m1DMNKx1B-54AaABAg
First. America First.	UgzkKzZbegVrm9rOBcF4AaABAg
Merry Christmas everyone	UgwpcN02H3lhqmN2wMp4AaABAg
Trump 2024 🇺🇸	Ugz-o5ukseKSwu4C57x4AaABAg
I waited all day to hear Sacks talk about the Colorado decision	UgyHbEuzkIrKbYIFNVx4AaABAg
👍👍👍	UgzV9SHDa5XP8YJGJ6V4AaABAg
first	UgzETjNVTiR4kKs-W8p4AaABAg
🎉	UgzvrZtHtkM_I6gmK1d4AaABAg
$GM	UgxUR_T3cLp3rioKtjp4AaABAg
FIRST	Ugwt1VHwHaGopMdn0Vl4AaABAg
First?!	UgyHSTiCLeBHu19ycqt4AaABAg
First	UgyCgRIFQR0FX0TgjPJ4AaABAg
1st	Ugz0JCJnFBJZ_EEzv-F4AaABAg
